remove minishift support from makefiles, update readme (#412)
codeready-toolchain/host-operator: README.adoc

== Development

> That Makefile target takes care of additional several steps which can be executed separately:

Reviewer: Same comment as in the member-operator repo. Seems like this sentence is referring to the make target up-local that we're removing above. Maybe it's better to point people to the e2e repo for development? They can use the dev- targets in the e2e repo. Not sure what we want to do with the bullet points below, maybe keep them for informational purposes only?

Author: @rajivnathan Thanks, that makes sense. Added a line saying toolchain-e2e can be used for starting instead, lemme know if you think of better wordings.

== Development

> toolchain-e2e repo makefile can be used as a starting point for setting up host and member operators for development.

Reviewer: I think it would be helpful to provide a link as well.
```suggestion
The dev targets in the toolchain-e2e repository can be used to build and deploy the host and member operators for development: https://github.com/codeready-toolchain/toolchain-e2e/blob/master/make/dev.mk
```

> Following Makefile targets takes care of additional several steps which can be executed separately:
> * building the project: `$ make build`

Reviewer: I guess this is probably not very useful to keep anymore? If we're pointing to the dev targets in toolchain-e2e it's probably good enough? So we can just remove these 2 lines as well.
```suggestion
```

Author: yeah, sure

== Development

> The dev targets in the toolchain-e2e repository can be used to build and deploy the host and member operators for development: https://github.com/codeready-toolchain/toolchain-e2e/blob/master/make/dev.mk

Reviewer 2: The same as for member operator - I would rather reference the guide https://github.com/codeready-toolchain/toolchain-e2e/blob/master/dev_install.adoc
